no mention of match fixing. Silent on Controversial  issues
good to read.
not a great book.
Only sachin's fan can read
Match fixing not touched
He could have written more about his colleagues
I will prefer to watch his old matches.
Silent on match fixing.
Good to read about his early days.
Good book.
Not for avid readers.
Only for Sachin fans.
Had high hopes about revealing match fixing.
Excellent book
The book is worth reading 
 Some coverage on match fixing was expected
His batting is better than writing
match fixing issue not discussed
Good to read about his childhood. 
Nothing much in the book
He is completely silent on match fixing
Silent on Controversial  issues like match fixing
It is surely not a classic book.
Worth reading quickly
Nice book for Sachin's fan
He could have written more about match fixing.
Book provides good insghts into journey of great man
nothing  on  fixing in game
Good to read about his  overall journey
Good book.But nothing on curruption in cricket.
Avid readers will be disappointed
Fans will be happy to read the book.
Silent on match fixing on and off the ground
I liked the book.Finished reading in one sitting.
Excellent book. Loved the language.
All indian should read this book.
Match fixing not touched at all.
He could have written more about his team mates. Not much credit.
I will recommend the book to all.
Silent on match fixing. Absolutely nothing.
Good to read about his experience in detail.
Good book.Read once.
Not for all surely. But good one.
I liked it very much. Worth buying.
I was looking for match fixing chapter. Could not find any.
The book is excellent reading. Loved it.
You can surely buy the book. Loved it.
Avoided fixing issues.
Match fixing not discussed at all. Silent totally.
He did not write about his peers much.
Great book by great man. Write more.
Good to read once.
I purchased the book immediately. But not very happy about it.
I enjoyed reading the book.Simple language.
For Sachin's fans. Brilliant book. Loved it.
Totally Silent Controversial  issues
The great man can write great. Loved it.
Very much disapponting book.
Not much on hot issues like match fixing.
The man shows brilliance again.
Why is he silent on match fixing. Rest is good reading.
Really liked the book. Good to read about life joureny.
